[GH-15580] Add information on UniformRobust method for `histogram_type` and create an accompanying blog post [nocheck] (#15617)
h2oai/h2o-3: h2o-docs/src/product/data-science/algo-params/histogram_type.rst

- AUTO
- UniformAdaptive
- UniformRobust
- Random
- QuantilesGlobal
- RoundRobin

When ``histogram_type="UniformAdaptive"`` is specified, each feature is binned into buckets of equal step size (not population). This is the fastest method, and usually performs well, but can lead to less accurate splits if the distribution is highly skewed.

> When ``histogram_type="UniformRobust"`` is specified, uniform binning is used at the root of the tree. If the dataset has large outliers, this method can lead to poor distribution. When this happens, it takes the boundaries of the non-empty bins and refines them according to the squared error accumulated in each bin. Non-empty bins with higher squared error are split more than ones with lower squared error to create sub-bins which are refined uniformly. So, if uniform splitting fails, the next iteration attempts to correct the issue by repeating the procedure with new bins. This allows it to recursively refine the promising bins as it get deeper in the tree. This method is highly effective on datasets with large outliers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the dataset has outliers, the uniform method can lead to poor distribution. When ``histogram_type="UniformRobust"`` is specified, uniform binning is used for finding initial splits, then the bins are redefined the data will be better distributed over empty bins. It takes the boundaries of the non-empty bins and refines them according to the squared error accumulated in each bin. Non-empty bins with higher squared error are split more than ones with lower squared error to create sub-bins that are refined uniformly. So, if uniform splitting fails, the next iteration of finding splits attempts to correct the issue by repeating the procedure with new bins. This allows it to recursively refine the promising bins as it gets deeper into the tree. This method is highly effective on datasets with large outliers.
```
